December 2022, saturday.
This is the date of the first elections to the dumpling parliment. 
In these elections, there were 4 parties: Itay, Ido, Dor, Neta.
The main talking points of the elections were:
Itay: This was a few days after his birthday, so he tried to guilt people into voting for hims
Dor: promised everyone teslas if he won (he did not keep that promise).
Ido: Ran a negative campign about dor, saying that he won't be able to keep his promise. In addition, he promised everyone $1 million.
Neta: Hoped people vote for her.

There was an exit poll for the election (of 4 people out of 11) ran by Ido, which showed Ido with 50%, Itay 25%, Dor 25%.
The actual results were: Dor 7/11. Itay: 2/11, Ido: 1/11, Neta: 1/11.
The first government was fully made out of Dor's party. He was the prime minister. Itay was the defence minister.
The first government was rather quiet, as there weren't really any major events during its' reign.


Second election - February 11.
This time, things got more serious, and the joke got more elaborate. The parties:
"Yesh Kofta" - a parody of "Yesh Atid" (Yair Lapid's party). Head of the party - Ido. Second seat - Hans.
"Koftai" - a parody of "Mapai" (Ben Gurion's party). Head - Itay.
"Habait hakofta'i" - a parody of "Habait HaYehudi" (Bennet's party). Head - Dor.
"Otzma Koftait" - a parody of "Otzma Yehudit" (Ben Gvir's party). Head - Maor.
"Koftaot" - (just the hebrew name for "dumplings"). Head - Grandma Anat.
"Kuftila" - a pun on the words "Kofta" and "Gila". Head - Gila.

Results:
50 - Grandma
30 - Gila
10 - Maor
10 - Ido
10 - Dor
10 - Itay

A coalition could be formed, and was expected to include - Grandma, Gila, and Itay.
However, grandma couldn't handle the pressure of being prime minister, so she resigned and no government could be formed (as the rest of
the parties were opposed to Gila). So, a snap election had to be called, at the same day.
Before this election, the 40 mandates of Dor, Itay, Ido, and Maor voted for a law that banned people over 40 from running in elections.
The result was 40-30 in favor of the law. Gila appealed to the supreme court, but the law was upheld by Ronit.
The lawmaking process was led by Dor (as the prime minister of the previous government). Some claim, that it was Ido who pulled the strings
to make this law happen.


Third election - February 11.
The parties:
"Yesh Kofta" - Ido Winter.
"Koftai" - Itay Winter.
"The young dumplings" - a parody of a party that existed in Israel that was led by young people (Hadar Muchtar). Head - Dor Winter.
"hamachane Hakoftai" - a parody of "haMachane HaMamlachti" (Benny gantz's party). Head - Maor Winter.
"7 Koftai" - Head - Shani Winter.

Results:
50 - Dor
30 - Maor
10 - Itay
10 - Ido
10 - Shani

This time a coalition was formed by Dor and Maor, which had an alliance going forward.
The 2nd goverment:
the 2nd goverment was formed by Dor and Maor. Roles:
Birthday Minister, Holiday minister, Technology and science minister, Prime minister - Dor
Finance Minister - Dor and Maor (in rotation)
Kinder distribution - Dor and Neta (rotation).
National security minister, Nerd minister - Maor.
justice minister - Yuval and Nir.
welfare (of the dumplings) minister - Gila.
military Chief of Staff - Shani.
Head of the "Kinder wrappers committee" - Itay (opposition).

Major events:

The establishment of the constitution - Due to the events of the 2nd elections, and the failure to form a government,
there was a strong desire to establish "the rules of the game" and to understand how the democracy will function.
This was supported by all of the parties, and the citizenry. This was led by Maor and Itay (from opposing camps in the political divide).

Delaying of the elections - Due to a lack of gatherings of the family, this time the government was in power for longer than expected.
The expectation was for the government to rule for 2 months, but in reality, the elections were more than 3 months later.


Fourth election - May 25.

Campaign:
This time, there was a long campaign leading up to the elections. It included posters, and branded material for some of the parties.
Dor was unable to run in this election, due to him ruling for 2 terms in a row (this is part of the constitution and was agreed upon by
everyone). At the start, the 3 parties were led by Itay, Ido, and Maor (with similar names to the previous elections).
A day before the elections Itay said that he would hold a press conference and deliver an important statement.
Ido said the same thing.

This is an example of a text sent by Itay in the group chat:
"
砖 , 专 注专 专转 驻专 驻转 4, 专 砖砖转  拽爪转 砖 专 转 转 专转 砖 砖!  专 拽 住转 注转 砖 爪专 爪专 转 专 专转.  注  砖转 砖 住爪住转! 注  爪注 驻转!
"

On the day of the election - Itay started his statement, and introduced a new political party: "Adom Lavan" - a parody 
of "Kachol Lavan" (Lapid and Gantz's party). this was a joint list by Itay, Ido, and Hans (led by Itay). Ido delivered a statement
on the promise of the new party.

Parties:
"Adom Lavan" - Itay (Ido, and Hans)
"Hamachane Hakofta'i" - Maor (with support from Dor)

Results:
Itay and Ido - 60
Maor - 60

this was shocking and was unparalleled by anything before. a stalemate. After an evening of deliberations, a coalition of was formed
by both parties, in a unity government.

Roles:
Prime minister: Rotation - Itay was supposed to hold for 2 meetings, Maor for 2 meetings after.
Ido - Finance minister, minister of justice, minister of cyber, minister of water and higher education, minister of intelligence.
Maor - minister of police, foreign minister, minister of tourism, alternate prime minister, unassigned minister.
Dor - minister of defence, minister for the promotion of women.
Itay - "kinder wrappers" minister, minister of the interior, minister of information.
Hans - Minister of Environmental Protection, Minister of Health, Minister of Economy, Minister of Energy,
Minister of Culture and Sports, Minister of Agriculture, Minister of Construction and Housing,
Minister of the Ministry of Finance, Minister of Regional Cooperation, Minister of Transportation.

Major Events:

legislation of the "Spoon for every dish" (parody of "saving for each child") - a law that required that every dish have its' own
spoon so that no spoon sharing had to take place.

Itay has made multiple humorous videos congratulating the citizenry for holidays etc...
He kept his communications in the group chat very formal (and funny) as required by a prime minister.

Maor was supposed to replace Itay, but he went on trip abroad for a number of months (the same day that he was supposed to replace Itay, in July).
This caused a problem because half of the parliment was gone (Maor). In august, there was a news video released (with nice and 
professional editing by itay), where a panel of reporters said that the prime minister is expected to make a statement.
The rumors were that he was going to anounce the cancelation of the ban on running for PM of citizens above the age of 40.
However, the statement was anouncing military rule, and the cancelation of elections until futher notice. This was claimed to 
be needed because of Maor's "escape" of the country, and the PM claimed that the elections would return upon Maor's return to the country.
After the statement, the group of panelists was shocked, with some supporting the action, and some opposing it.
The opposing panelist was removed from the broadcast by the government. After that, a report of massive protests next to the
PM's house was broadcast.
After the video, Maor went silent for months in the group chat.
This text was sent by Neta after a month or 2:
"
砖转 转驻专爪转
专 砖 砖  拽砖专 注 专砖 砖 驻, 砖专 抓   驻转, 转拽  砖 砖 砖专 转 拽住拽 驻专, 转 注专抓 砖转 砖 爪 专 注  砖专 转 砖  专砖  驻转 专砖   砖 拽砖  砖   专 转 驻转转, 砖 驻转  专コわ
 专砖  专 拽 注 拽爪转 转转 砖专 爪 砖, 拽专  拽专 砖,  砖转 !
"

Then, a war broke out in Israel. The war started with a suprise attack by Hamas which killed almost a thousands civilians
and hunderds of soldiers.
Itay has released a video that says that The United Dumplings support Israel in the war againts Hamas (and possible Hezbollah)
but it is not a part of the war.
During this time, Maor and Ido were called for reserve duty in the israeli military.

At the next meeting (Nov 18), where Maor has returned, Itay has anounced the return of democracy. The elections were scheduled 
at Dec 16.
It was decided by the ruling parties that a referendum needs to be held to cancel the age limit law.
The results of the referendum were - 5 for, 7 againts. This means that the referendum was not accepted. It remains a mistery 
how this didn't pass, as the ruling parties are those that called for it, and the rest of the voters were older (who in theory should
support that law). After the referendum didn't pass, this was passed by the legislature (with 120 mandates).
Until the new elections, Maor is currently the prime minister of the transitional government (because of the rotation).

Dec 2 meeting (5th election campaign):
Political posters were shared by some of the parties (Itay, Ido, Dor, Gila), these files are provided now.
Itay has constructed a presentation where he showed the advantages of his government with respect to Dor's (with funny made up statistics - like the number of dumplings eaten and the number of meetings attended).
Ido also made a presentation, where he anounced a surprising twist - he will be giving up on the top spot of his party, in favor of Hans. He explained that due to the fact that hans 
was set to leave for his training soon, he should also be given a chance to govern. He also claimed that Hans is a uniting factor in the country, and will solve a lot of the 
political divide that exists, and is problematic now due to the ongoing war.
Ido said that if elected, Hans will be PM at first, until he leaves, and then Ido will take his position as part of the rotation. Furthermore, Ido promised that he will fix the
flour shortage that is crucial for making the dumplings.
On this day, Maor brought flour that Nir has sent with him, ending the shortage for the near future.

On the leadup to the Dec 16 meeting, Itay shared a riddle with buildup, where he said "1+1=3". after this, he created a riddle that I will provide for you in the file "itay_riddle.png". The solution to the riddle is "itay+itay=3 dumplings", this is a joke on Bibi's campaign in 2022 where he said "1+1=4" (A bibi voter brings another bibi voter and the country gets 4 years of his government). A day after releasing the riddle, he released a video where he reveals the answer as a campaign video.

Dec 16 meeting:
Due to the absence of Neta and Shani, the elections were postponed by another 2 weeks.

In this meeting, Maor shared a news video that he made together with Shani and Neta, where he gives his version of events for his disappearance. In this video, he claims that during his diplomatic visit, he was kidnapped by Itay. He then shows video "proof" where a (real) monkey appears to take him hostage (In reality, he befriended the monkey, and the monkey showed him around his territory). After this claim, he announces that he will give up his place as the head of the party, and places Neta as the leader instead.
010
Also, Itay has shared another campaign video which was in black and white, dramatic music, and slow motion. The content of the video was just him walking around in slowmo and tooting his own horn.
Dor has also shared a campaign video where is various talents are being shown (for example, his violin playing).
Ido has shared a campaign video, with narration, and cute pictures of Hans. In this video, he shows why Hans is the best option to lead the country (Uniting the country, etc).

Also, after Nir brought some flour, Ido has brought 5 bags of flour, ending the shortage for the forseeable future.

Dec 30 meeting:
This was the meeting where the united dumplings celebrated its' first anniversary. A new tradition was formed, that on the anniversary 6 dumplings should be eaten, instead of 3. To allow for this tradition, Ido helped Ronit prepare twice the amount of dumplings for the meeting.

The elections were held, and the surprising results are:
Hans and Ido - 40
Itay - 40
Neta and Maor - 30
Dor - 10

Since no clear coalition emerged, a lot of political drama followed in the next hours. Both Ido and Itay attempted to secure recommendations from Neta and Maor so that the president would choose them to allow them to try and form a coalition (This is similar to Israel's government formation process).
At the end of the meeting both Neta-Maor and Dor recommended Hans-Ido be selected to try to form the coalition, giving him 80 mandates recommendations. Due to this, Grandma Anat has indeed tasked him with forming a government, and he has the next meeting (in 2 weeks) to try to form a coalition and government.

January 27:
After the elections of the last meeting, Hans and Ido were tasked with forming a government. They were successful, and a coaliton of Ido-Hans, Neta-Maor and Dor was formed. Itay is the singular party in the opposition. In this meeting, Neta and Hans were co-prime minsters (Ido promised Neta that she would be prime minister for one meeting as part of the negotiations to form a government).
Another big development of the meeting was the theft of the treasury (the kinder-wrappers). All of the kinder wrappers dissapeared from their location in the kitchen closet, and an investigation of the theft started by Neta and Dor. They interrogated everyone who was there that day, and decided that the results of the investigation results would be revealed in the next meeting.

Feb 10:
Neta and Dor revealed that most people had blamed Itay for the grand theft, even though he was the one who found that the kinder wrappers were stolen in the first place (Ido said to Itay - "The one who smelt it, dealt it"). Itay claimed that this was political prosecution because Neta and Dor were part of the coalition, and they wanted to blame the opposition for the theft. It was then decided that a new independent investigation would be conducted by Shani (Head of military).
After she completed the investigation, she said that the results were not conclusive and that the main suspects are Itay, and Dor and Neta. 
In the meantime, Hans began his reign as sole Prime minister.
In this meeting, Ido accidentaly threw a single kinder wrapper (his own) to the trash. He promised that he would make it up to the state in the next meeting.

Feb 24:
Before the meeting, Ronit told Ido that Nir had thought of an idea for how to prank Itay. She told Ido that when she would serve food to Itay, she needs him to distruct Itay.
When the moment came, Ido pulled out a bag with around 10 kinderwrappers, which he claimed he collected after the last meeting, to make up for the one he threw out. This surprised everyone, and many people blamed him for stealing the original kinderwrappers and bringing them here in an attempt to make himself look good. This distruction worked well, and when the dumplings were served to Itay, he discovered that they were 3 VERY small dumplings, which surprised him greatly. Nir also received 3 small dumplings, and told everyone that the middle children always get less (Itay and Nir are both middle children).
After this ordeal, the new kinderwrappers that were collected in the previous few meetings were also stolen. After about 1 hour they were discovered with Dor. After they were discovered, he anounced that he would be stepping down from the government, however, he claimed that he did not steal anything.
After this, all the kids except Itay went to the mall with Hans to train him to walk up and down escalators. After this, Itay joined them for a walk with Hans near the beach. At the start of the trip, Maor told everyone that his head hurt and that he will go back to rest. This walk was about 30 minutes, after which everyone returned (except Gila and Yuval which left sometime during the walk).
When everyone were about to leave for home, Ido discovered that ALL of the kinder wrappers were in his bags (in a compartment which he claims he never uses). He swore to everyone that he did not still them and that he had been framed. Maor had called for a vote of no confidence in the government due to this development that would happen in the next meeting. Dor and Shani confessed to taking the intermediate (not all) of the kinderwrappers in an attempt to investigate the original theft of the wrappers, which explains why Dor claims that he didn't still the wrappers.

Also in this meetings there were some new suggestions for the constitution, such as increasing the time between elections, and automatically getting the regular (non constitutional) rules from Israel (unless specifically stated otherwise in the parliment). Both of these suggestions were brought forth by Ido. 

Mar 9:
Ido proposed that before the vote of no confidence, the parliament should vote on the new suggestions for the constitution. The vote was 5-5, and the suggestions were not accepted. After this, the vote of no confidence was held, and it was 5-5. The vote was tied, and the government was saved. After this, the government decided to hold a referendum on the new suggestions for the constitution. The results were 5-5, and the suggestions were not accepted. After this, the vote of no confidence was held, and it was 5-5. The vote was tied, and the government was saved. After this, the government decided to hold a referendum on the new suggestions for the constitution. The results were 5-5, and the suggestions were not accepted. After this, the vote of no confidence was held, and it was 5-5. The vote was tied, and the government was saved. After this, the government decided to hold a referendum on the new suggestions for the constitution. The results were 5-5, and the suggestions were not accepted. After this, the vote of no confidence was held, and it was 5-5. The vote was tied, and the government was saved. After this, the government decided to hold a referendum on the new suggestions for the constitution. The results were 5-5, and the suggestions were not accepted. After this, the vote of no confidence was held, and it was 5-5. The vote was tied, and the government was saved. After this, the government decided to hold a referendum on the new suggestions for the constitution. The results were 5-5, and the suggestions were not accepted. After this, the vote of no confidence was held, and it was 5-5. The vote was tied, and the government was saved. After this, the government decided to hold a referendum on the new suggestions for the constitution. The results were 5-5, and the suggestions were not accepted. After this, the vote of no confidence was held, and it was 5-5. The vote was tied, and the government was saved. After this, the government decided to hold a referendum on the new suggestions for the constitution.
On a walk with Hans, the parliament decided on the details of the new laws. 
The first law is the automatic israeli law adoption. The second law is the direct elections for prime minister law. Also, the timing for the elections was increased to every 5 meetings.
These laws passed with full agreements from all parties.
Then, the vote of no confidence was held, and surprisingly, it failed due to Neta and Itay voting againts it.
Surprisingly, the only person who voted for the no confidence was Maor (he voted for it symbolically, as it had already failed).

After this meeting, Ido started a new github repository for the united dumplings, and started to write the constitution in it. He also started to write the laws that were passed in the last meeting.
Ido called this his "constitutional revolution", and is also about the formalization of many of the laws that had only been agreed upon in the past, and were not written down.

Mar 23:
This is the last meeting with Hans, as he would leave for training in the next week.
The elections were also postponed to the next meeting, as all of the parties were not ready for them.

